# Web3 and Events/Filtering

We have created & deployed the contract, and we've created our private node.

Now we have added the buttons:

* get All Events button
    - We can see a list of all the events
* When we click the add event button
    - We can see the stringified event in the HTML

First of all we have an Ajax that gets the contract from a file, instead of pasting the code in the raw javascript as followS:

``` javascript
var contractCode;

var contactAddress = "0x..."
var contractAbi = [{"constant": true, "inputs":[],"name":"getCreator",....}]

var client = new XMLHttpRequest();
client.open("GET", "./contract.sol");
client.onreadystatechange = function() {
    if(client.readyState === 4) {
        contractCode = client.responseText;
    }
}
client.send();
```

In our contract solidity file we have a new event, and it's fired when we set a number to a new number.

``` javascript
event NumberIsIncreased(address indexed whoIncreased, uint indexed oldNumber, uint256 indexed newNumber)

...

function setMyNumber(uint256 myNewNumber){
    NumberIsIncreased(msg.sender, myNumber, myNewNumber);
    myNumber = myNewNumber;
}
```

The parameters is who increased the number, then the old number and the new number.

Then we have the typical code to define web3...

``` javascript
function compileContract() {
    //...
}

getPreviouslyCreatedContract() {
    //...
}

function makeButtonsVisible() {
    //...
}

function increaseCounter() {
    //...
    // still just sets the number
}

function callWhenMined() {
    //...
}
```

Then we have the functions to handle the events:

``` javascript
var myEvent;

function watchEvents() {
    myEvent = contractInstance.NumberIsIncreased({}, {fromBlo ck:'latest', toBlock:'latest'});
    console.log(myEvent);

    myEvent.watch(function(error, result) {

    })
}

function stopWatchingEvents() {
    //...
}
```

In the NumberIsIncreased, the first parameter, you would pass an object that you can pass with filters.

### WatchEvents function

Wehn we increase the number, we can see that the event will be triggered, and we'll be able to see the objecti with all the events:

* inside the args, we can see the objects of the event.

### StopWatching function

This function basically halts the watch function

### Get all events

This basically gets all events from all the events, and we get literally all the events that were fired before. We can visualise this in the console.

### GetNumberIsIncreasedEvent

Here we are not called all events, but we are only calling that specific event and log it in the console.

That gives an array with those events, togehter wtih the relevant attributes

### FilterEventWatch function

That function actually filters, and it's callled directly from the web3.eth.filter instead of the contract.

We still give it a from and to block.

We give it the contract address,

And we tell him which topics we want to filter for.

We finally have to log the object that comes back, which contains the object and the topics which are hex encoded.

Given that we know that the 3rd is a number, then we can decode it and prit it to the console.

### FilterEventsGet function

It's the same options as the watch function, but it gets all the events that were fired, but it's not watching them.




