# Mist

Mist is a wallet, known to be an ethereum wallet.

## Browser

The second part is the browser, which runs a geth node in the background.

* You can use "web"-dapps
* Securely use one account to "browse" a dapp

dapp = distributed app.

You can use the contracts in mist.

# Accounts

If you are going to do a transfer from account to account, you need to do a tranasaction.

That is going to be in the background with the command name "sendTransaction" and "signTransaction", and it will use your account ID.

THis is for both, sending funds from account to other and data from account to contract or to generate cotnract.

Accounts are saved in specific file.

Across all platofrms, code has same data directory. For mac is in ~/Library/Ethereum.

There you can find usually geth directory and keystore with your keys

Based on the chain data it knows how much ether each account has.

Eahc address has a public key that links the private key.

## Backups

You can also go on mist wallet to accounts, and then backup, where you can backup application data

You are sent to the ethereum folder, where you can find the keystore folder.

That's the basic directory implemented in ethereum through geth.

In Mist there is a whole geth client running in the background.

You can either start your own geth client and ask mist to attach to it, or it will start its own geth client.

There are other implementations / clients for ethereum using different languages implementing the same blockchain logic, exposing the same javascript interface to interact with the blockchain.

This is an overview of accoutns and ethereum

you will always have a private key protected by your password.

The public key is used to send transactions across the blockchain.

As soon as it generates the signed transaction it will be mined by other participants, and if it's successfully mined, the transaction is finished, and you'll have the transaction in the blockchain.

If you go to a site like etherscan, you can see transactions that are transferred from account to account.

## View online

If you go to site like etherscan, you can see transactions currently being transferred

You can see from whcih acccount to which account as well as transaciton hash.

You can see the input data in there, and whether it send something.

You can see how many times it has confirmed it

You can see whether it's received /vs sent ether.

Some examples will have the amount being sent to/from addresses, and confirmations, with transaction hash, amount of cache used.

AS soon as you send something it will be in the public available blockchain, peopl ewill see the public key, how you interact with contracts.

They won't see the private key that you have.

If transaction is signed properly, it will succeed.


