# Compile & Deploy contracts

In this section we'll modify the contracts we've created.

We have added a `killme()` function that terminates the job calling the suicide method.

In the solidity compiler we can actually have a look at the byte code that is combined from the section:

## Bytecode

This is the actual compiled bytecode that gets created from the contract that we deploy.

## Interface

This is an application binary interface. It's not an API, it's an ABI. It's a JASON representation of what can be done with the contract.

It has all the parameters, all the functions, etc.

## Web3 Deploy

This is a very handy tool. Especialyl if you work with Remix - browser solidity editor.

it will immediately give us what we need, a copy/paste sample of how we can deploy to blockchain .

We can put that in the console, and it would create the contract.

## Deploying new contract

The very simple example is to open Mist, copy the program source code and put it.

If we open mist, deploy a new contract, and then re-create.

At the end, we'll have the contract there in a way where we can interact with by choosing a function.

We can choose how to create contract from command line once it's deployed.

In this case we can just take the Web3 code, and paste in the command line.

## After creating transasction

Now we can actually check online that the transaction is being throught.

Now we ahve to wait for the contract to be mined.

Once it's mined, we're good to move forward.

## Execute the contract

If we see the Web3 deploy, we can see that we created an object called `helloworld`, and if we enter `helloworld.helloworld.address`, we will be able to see the address of the contract.

So now we can actually call `helloworld.helloworld.counter`, which in the console will say it's 0.

But how can we get our contract in our mist wallet, as we sent it from the console.

Even we sent the contract through one of our accoutns, we cannot see the actual function.

## INteracting with contract

We can go to the mist wallet, and check on "view contracts".

We will need to give it a number, and give it the address, as well as the JSON interface, which is the actual ABI interfaace we got.

And now we are able to instantiate and interact with the contracts.

If you want other people to interact with your contract, you just need to give them the address.


