# Ethereum TestRPC

In this lecture it covers 2 things to develop contraccts:

* Truffle
    - Most popular dev environment
* TestRPC
    - Eth node but just for testing stuff in our computer
    - Makes developing/testing contracts much easier.

We will use truffle for the development in this course.

## The Features

If you go to the site, we can see the features.

One of the highlights is "built in smart contract compilation, linking, deployment and binary management".

It handles all the deployment to the chain, linking, etc, that you may want for more complex integrations.

The new truffle took out the build system for websites.

Truffle also includes contract dependencies from NPM and ETH-PM.

ETH-PM is ethereum's packagr manager.

The group behind it is concensus.

The truffle framework itself is Open Source.

# Ethereum Test RPC

Ethereum recommends it.

Takes a lot of headache from shoulders.

Often the console is not clear. How you can interact with the blockchain but with the TestRPC chain.

TestRPC emulates the blockchain in the background, and gives all the options that we might need. But takes the waiting time for contract to be mined, etc.

When you start to test RPC from the console, it will bring up a web server that you can access from the browser.

It also generates several accounts with respective private keys.

Then you can go into another console and instead of attaching with geth to another geth node, you can also geth attach to the actual address that TestRPC has given us.

## Executing commands

Once we are running the rpc console, we are able to run the same methods, but in a test environment.

Previously when we sent ether, we had to wait until it was mined, etc.

in this case we can actually just send and receive funds from the accounts, and it would happen instantly, as everything is instantly mined.

It emulates the blockchian behaviour without having to mine.

Later when running automated tests with stuff like truffle, we are able to see the test results immediately, instead of waiting for ages.


