# Global Msg Object

Programming in solidity is only 1 side of chain.

In ethereum you can have a contract in the blockchain but also store ether in the contract - you can attach ether to address.

You can call function with new variable, or you can directly send ether to contract.

We can create contract, and when contract is called, it will try to attach 10 ether, you can see that when we try to call we get an error.

We can use the debugger to see how it executes.

We can see that the code stops because it has an invalid jump. At some point we want to store ether into function.

We can do this by giving our functions the `payable` keyword.

Now it's possible to send 10 ether to the contract, and set the contract with the ether.

We don't always want to call contract with function, sometimes we just want to submit ether.

**Anonymous functions are for this** they look like this:

```
function() payable {

}
```

It's also called fallback function. If we don't have any function that holds, that is called.

We also make it payable to pay it.

We can create another function for testing:

``` javascript
function getMyContractBalance constant returns(uint) {
    return this.balance;
}
```

That function returns the balance of the contract, whereas the anonymous function returns the contract itself.

We can add ether and see how that works, we can see that the contract balance would go up.

## Message object

The message object has a few parameters

* one of them is the message sender, which gives address of sender.
* Message value is the amount of WEI sent with transaction
* Message data has the complete code data
* Message gas is remaining gas
* And others, which can be found in solidity documentation

What is important here is that you want to have the owner of the person that deployed the contract.

You can do this by having an address varaible:

``` javascript
address owner

function MyContract() payable {
    myVariable = 5;
    owner = msg.sender;
}
```

Now because `msg.sender` becomes the owner, so now we can add control mechanisms:

``` javascript
if(msg.sender == owner) {
    myVariable = myNewVariable;
}
```









