# Intro Truffle, EthereumJS, etc

We will create a multisignature wallet from scratch. Not as complex as mist.

We'll see how frontend/backedn interacts

## What is multisignature wallet?

Wallet that requires more than 1 address to confirm operation

ie. if we will do an operation from an address, then we need N people to accept transaction

## Example

There is a default example in the Ethereum github.

It's possible to see it in Mist, it's an account owned by X people, with limited transactions, and transactions above certain limit need to be signed up

## Exercise

* A wallet
* Many owners
* At least floor(num_owers)/2 confirmations

### Frontend

* Lists own latest transactions
* Lists confirmations you you have to give and you can click a button to confirm
* You can request a new transaction with a reason

## Truffle

http://truffleframework.com

Truffle is the most popular development framework for ethereum with mission to make life easier

It has:

* Built in contract compilation, linkind deployment and binary management
* Automated contract testing for rapid dev
* Scriptable deployment and migrations framework
* Network management for deployment to both public and private networks
* Many more

It is a Package in NPM:

* `truffle init`
    - Initialize with standard contract
* `truffle compile`
* `truffle migrate`
    - Puts contracts on the chain


## Test RPC

We'll be using it for testing. It's faster than having private chain. Don't have t mine or check if block is mined.


## Webpack and Bootstrap

* Module bundler for modern JS applications
* We'll use it for frontend
* `truffle init webpack` - initiates standard-webpack project preconfigured with truffle

## Debugging & testing

* Not as hard as before anymore
* Ethereum studio has built in debugger
* Step-by-step debugger
* Scenarios

leth0 was the successor. It also had scenarios.

You can set breakpoints, can see variables.

## Testing

* Truffle internal tests
    - `truffle test`
    - Fast with EthereumJS-testrpc

Scenarios with Ethereum studio.








