# Ethereum Studio

We'll talk about trasnasctions and events in transaction studio.

There were a few quetsions from people using Ethereum studio.

If you can't run Ethereum studio, try switching to Chrome.

You can go to Ethereum Studio at [the Live.ether.Camp website](https://live.ether.camp/).

You have to register for an account and then click the "Start Now" button.

The example project can be updated by clicking File -> Update Example Project.

Some people are trying to upgrade or downgrade the solidity compiler, because the IDE is just tested with solidity compiler.

Talking about deployments, if you click in Run All Contracts, in the Ethereum JSON file, then the send box will automatically deploy all contracts it can find in project.

Default gas is around 3.5M. You can increase that in the ethereum.json file.

We will add a function in a contract.sol file:

``` javascript
contract Contract is owned {
    uint the Number;

    function test(bytes32 str) {
        log0(str);
    }

    function setTheNumber(uint newnumber) {
        theNumber = newnumber;
    }

    function getTheNumber() constant returns(uint) {
        returns theNumber;
    }
}
```

We can actually add breakpoints. We select where we want hte breakpoint needs to be, and we run as `DEBUG` mode.

When we set the number now, it calls the debugger. We can see the `scope`, we can see the values, etc.

This is a whole new way of working with a debugger in solidity instead of using remix. You have commands on the top to step over, step into, etc.

Let's say you have a number of  transactions, you have a couple of addresses and you want to send a couple of transactions.

**You can create scenarios.**

You add all the transactions that you want to happen, and it creates a scenario, which you can run at any time.

Community is very active for this project. Really recommended to dig deeper into the ethereum studio.