# What Eth Studio can do for us



The key buttons it provides:

* On left we have our workspace, with all our projects
    - We have a contracts folder, migration folder, etc
    - We have the Ethereum.json file
        + Used by ethereum studio by the sandbox
            * If we're using testrpc, we will find sandbox useful
            * It's also a simulated machine for ethereum, but more powerful than testrpc
            * Ethereum.json file is there to control sandbox
            * We can choose the folder to find the sandbox
            * The deployed contracts
            * We have a coinbase
            * We have predefined accounts with some balance
            * We have a name register where we can give contracts deployed in sandbox
            * We can have a look how it looks like by clicking run
* On the right, the ethereum sandbox pops up
    - It says which accounts and what address are defined
* In the middle you have the editor, which you can split
* Sandbox
    - IDE is powered by cloud9. They extended the cloud9 IDE with sandbox, where you can look at the trasnaction.
    - All sandboxes are powered individually
    - If you open another port you can run something else
    - When you go to the readme, you can see that it's possible to reach the sandbox / container with different port
    - If you installed internally you can run your own server

We are going to run own own sandbox.

If you have any problems running ethereum studio, you need to be aware eth studio is only tested with Chrome. If you miss some buttons, you might have lower screen resolution, you can find them in the menu.

## Eaxmple project

For the example project we need to set up our `app.js`.

Weh we see it we can view a few require commands.

We also define an ABI, and then we construct a URL to get an RPC. But instaead of 8545, it is running on window.location.hostname, which is the URL, and port 5555:/sandbox/sandboxide.

We can then hit `npm install gulp-cli -g` in the npm console.

Then we run `npm install` to install all the modules.





