# Deploying Contract to Real Chain

We are going to deploy our contract to the blockchain, in this case our private chain.

We start geth with our rpc, etc.

Then we go to another console and attach.

```
geth --rpc --rpccorsdomain "*" --rpcapi eth,web3,personal,net
```

First thing we want to do is to unlock our accounts, and then to start a miner.

``` javascript
personal.unlockAccount(eth.accounts[0]);

miner.start(1)
```

Now we want to migrate

```
truffle migrate
```

It's a bit slower than the testrpc, because we are really mining our contracts.

The contracts are migrated which means that we have an address for the contracts.

Now we run:

```
npm run build
```

It will start webpack and build our javascript into the build folder

Then let's go to the build folder and start our http server:

```
cd build

npm install -g http-server

http-server
```

Inside the buid folder is our javascript application. It has all the dependencies that were required.

Now we can open mist, and it should show you that we are in a private net.

We have our 2 accounts. If we go to the browser and go to port 8080, here we can go to the wallet to connect to the account etherebase.

When we wanna send ether to the contract we need to enter our password.

We can see in the background when the transaction is mined - as soon as it's mined we get our ether in our wallet.

Contract is deployed to private chain right now.

You can test the new contract with scenarios in ethereum studio.

## Trufflebox

If you are more into react, then truffle box is for you.

It has redux authentication, etc. If you are more into serious frontend development.

We are going to write a CV in the blockchain.