# Taking a loot at the multiwallet

Having the wallet interface is quite useful (mist wallet).

If you add a contract you can give it a name, choose the number of owners, whether it is multisignature, with data limit, transaciton confirmation, transactions exceeding limit, and how many people need to confirm this.

People can import a wallet and set the address.

### Wallets

If we create wallets, we can add it with the button, or by deploying a contract, which tehn can be imported.

The wallet in MIST can be found Open Source, in the /ethereum/dapp-bin/...

We can see that the wallet is multisignature = multi-owners

There is another contract that is a daily limit, where you can add the limitations.

Another contract there is for the multisignature where you have different eevents, functions - you can execute transactions.

### Going throught contracts

The OS smart contract you can make sure that a central entity withoutt owner is taking everything.

There are a couple of events and modifiers, which assign the number of owners.

There is also a maximum number of owners that is 260.

Removing owners, etc, if you want to send money in mist, you go to the interface, you say to who you wanna send funds, and what data. If you create a contract, the to field is empty, and just send data. That is the whole point of sending transactions.

But what if you had a wallet contract, and in the name of the wallet contract you wanna send funds or data to another address? You'd have to execute a function and set the values.

But you can also send funds in the name of specific wallets. Mist takes care on encoding all the values for us.

It is actually calling for the contract wallet, a function called execute(...). It asks if its under the limit, whether it's a single transaction, and calls the call value of solidity which calls an adress, a value and data.

If it's more than daily limit, we see if it's confirmed or not, which is hash of data and block.number. So it's a 32-bit hashed operation.

We have a unique hash there, and a mapping for transactions