# How to interact with contracts

We will start using Truffle's project called metacoin.

We are going to use that project and deploy to the testrpc network.

We will interact with contract from website.

There are 2 ways to interact with contract.

You go to website that uses Web3, which connects to blockchain, using either geth or metamask.

OR

You add the API and contact address to mist and we work from there.

# Example

## Start truffle

We can use the `truffle init webpack` command to initialise and create the example.

```
mkdir example_contracts

cd example_contracts

truffle init webpack
```

## TestRPC

We open another terminal for this.

Now what we need to do is go to another console and start the testrpc by simply typing `testrpc`.

It will come up with the accoutns and private keys.

## Start Truffle

Now we want to start compiling the contracts, so in our truffle folder,

We can do this by typing `truffle compile`.

And then we type `truffle migrate` so it will deploy the contracts to our test rpc network.

We can see in the output of the TestRPC that we've received the contracts.

## Host server

Now using the truffle init webpack, we can create an http server to interact with the javascript application that comes shipped with the truffle-init-webpack project.

We just need to run `npm run dev`

If we go with our browser to localhost:8080, it will try to connect with Web3 to a blockchain json RPC, and that is usually in port 8545.

We wil open the IDE and show where this happens in the code

## Project structure

If we go to our truffle init webpack forlder, we can see the folder structure, where our app subfolder is very small, and only has 1 app.js file that imports web3 and truffle contract.

We can also see there is an eventlistener that executes a function that checks for web3, and if it's available, it will create a webserver in port 8545.

If we open our browser, then javascript is executing a function to jsonrpc and is trying to conenect to the port

As soon as that happens we have access to the blockchain.

We can see when we access localhost:8080, that we can send metacoin money with a form.

## Web intreface

We can see that it's possible to interact with the contracts that we migrated.

If we want to interact through browser, we need a json RPC.

Currently the host interacts with the testRPC.

In order for this to work in PROD, we would need a geth node as gateway.

Here is where metamask comes in place

## Metamask

This is where contracts are deployed, and whehn you want users to interact with your contract

**Users don't want to download the entire blockchain**, so metamind downloads the blockchain themselves.

You just have to download a plugin, to set a password, and then you can interact with contracts in the blockchain.

AS soon as something in the website tries to connect to port 8545, it will be metamask answering.

Metamask can automatically forward to 8545, the metacoin dep connects to metamask, which is running with 8545.

We can also decide that we connect to the test network or to the real network.

## Token factory

If we go to a token factory and we create a token, one of the accounts will be executed with one of the accounts in the plugin.

First of all, we have restarted the testRPC, and we want to add a new account







