# Setup a Private Network

Private chains and how to create them in detail + what is important to know

To create a private chain you need a Genesis JSON file, which is responsible to generate a genesis block.

If you think of ETH blockchain then the chain is the combination from the previous block and a transaction cryptographically chained together, creating a new block.

Every time there is a  new block there needs ot be a block before.

The initial block is the GENESIS block.

**This genesis block is generated with the Genesis JSON file.**

The genesis value has some key value pairs that explains the ethereume network how to create the Genesis block and how it should look like.

We'll open the window and start geth with our private chain.

```
mkdir mydatadir

# Gensis JSON file is outside of data directory
geth --datadir=./mydatadir/ init ./genesis.json
```

When finished, it should have generated a genesis block, and the genesis state.

To initialise geth:

```
geth --datadir=./mydatadir
```

And now we can open Mist wallet with the following command

```
/Applications/Ethereum\ Wallet.app/Contents/MacOS/Ethereum\ Wallet --rpc /PATH/mydatadir/geth.ipc --mode mist
```

Now that we have opened the mist wallet, we can **create an account.**

Now you have a main account with etherbase.

Now we can get ether in our account.

We are going to deploy the previous projcet in our private node.

We open a second console, and attach with geth:

```
geth attach ipc://PATH/mydatadir/geth.ipc
```

Once we are in the console we can mine a bit and then stop

``` javascript
miner.start(5)

miner.stop()
```

## Example contracts

Now we clone the project from https://github.com/tomw1808/truffle_eth_class2

And we go to /s06/example_interact... to run the following commands

```
truffle migrate
```

There was an error because with the geth node it didn't open an RPC endpoint, and that's the one that listens on 8595.

We can activate it by restarting geth with

```
geth --datadir=./mydatadir --geth
```

Now we can see that the http endpoint opened in 8545

**But it fails again** as it needs password or unlock...

We have to unlock account, we can do that with:

```
personal.unlockAccount(eth.accounts[0]);
```

Now we can run `truffle migrate` again.

Sidenote.. if this doesn't work because of a "GAS" limit, then just add a new key-value pair of `gas:300000` into the `truffle.js` file in the networks:development object.

But nothing is happening, and that is because we're not mining...

Now lets access the web interface by running `npm run dev` and accessing it on port 8080.

When we open it there is an error fetching our accounts, and if we open the JS console, we can see there is a CORS problem, because our access control is missing.

We can solve this by giving geth another parameter to geth, which is `--rpccorsdomain "http://localhost:8080"`.

Now let's refesh the page.



