# Create own private blockchain

Creating an own private blockchain is great as it will allow us to pretty much have our own area to play around with, and it will cost nothing as it's separate from public chain.

To get started we need a **Genesis block**. To get it we need certain commands. We need to download the Genesis JSON file, which contains the following:

``` json
{
  "config": {
        "chainId": 10,
        "homesteadBlock": 0,
        "eip155Block": 0,
        "eip158Block": 0
    },
  "alloc"      : {},
  "coinbase"   : "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
  "difficulty" : "0x20000",
  "extraData"  : "",
  "gasLimit"   : "0x2fefd8",
  "nonce"      : "0x0000000000000042",
  "mixhash"    : "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
  "parentHash" : "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
  "timestamp"  : "0x00"
}
```

**Make sure you don't use the reserved numbers of ChainID** - you should check what numbers are free - in this case we use 10.

We can find this in the [go-ethereum github website](http://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum).

We follow the instructions where it tells us how to save the chain data in a custom directory with geth.

## Generating with genesis JSON file

``` bash
mkdir chaindata
geth --datadir=./chaindata init genesis.json
```

We will see that the private chain has been created.

It will correctly use the directory, and successfully write a genesis block.

Next thing we want to do is to start geth with data directory:

```
geth --datadir=./chindata
```

It should attach there instead of the chain.

## Attach

Now we want to open a second console and attach to the 1st instance:

```
# If using macos
geth attach ipc://PATH/chaindata/geth.ipc
```

We are now in the javascript console.

Now what we can do is start mining, but we don't have any accounts yet, so we're gonna open our Mist Account.

## Mist Account

Normally mist will have a geth client running, but if we explicitly run it ourselves, then we'll be able to see that it will connect to our private blockchain instead.

The way that we would be able to run it is in the console:

```
/Applications/Ethereum\ Wallet.app/Contents/MacOS/Ethereum\ Wallet --rpc /PATH/chaindata/geth.ipc --mode mist
```

If we start mist, it will immediately look for accounts in the data directory that we gave it before. There are none

### Create account

Click add account and enter a password.

Once account is created, authorize the main account to share it with wallet.

To get some ether in our account, we need to start mining, but we can't do it as we're not in a network.

We are in a personal private network.

## Start mining

Let's go to our console with the ethereum console, and let's give it a command to start mining with 2 threads:

``` javascript
miner.start(2);
```

We will see that we'll start generating a lot of ether very fast, and the reason why is because we are the only ones mining literally.

After a short while, it will first pre-generate the DAG, and then it will start mining.

We can see that after only a few seconds we already have 70 ether.

Unfortunately this is only in our private network, so it's only for personal use.

Now we can start playing around with solidity to start deploying contracts etc.

Let's make sure we stop the miners before we move on:

``` javascript
miner.stop()
```



